---
title: Meeting Notes 2015/09/04
---

## So what are the bandwidth requirements of this system?

- C3 telemetry is like bits per second. We just don’t care.
- C3 commands are like tens of [encrypted] bytes, so again, we just don’t care.
- Glenn says SCADA systems care more about authentication than encryption.
   - IEEE 1815-2012: DNP3 -- well known, hopefully secure, libraries exist
   - Kenny thinks the security is strapped on here, and is more overhead than ideal.
   - Authentication for commands is what we really want anyway, not encryption.
   - Nathan says we’ll probably need to use a nonce
   - So this may mean that a command may require a half dozen bidirectional messages
   - Glenn: data down ALSO needs to be authenticated
   - Kenny will find a good way of doing this
- “Most” cubesats are like 10kbps
- C3 firmware updates are less than 1 MB and should be done in one pass -- given a 5 minute pass, that’s like 3.3 kBps which is 33 kbps with some overhead. Also doesn’t include half-duplex acks.
- But most microcontrollers have more like 300kB total data, so  in 5 minutes that’s 8kbps.
- Could dynamically scale bps, but this seems dangerous and not worth it if we spend a lot of time negotiating this.
- Might not be able to send days of telemetry data; this should store and forward, so this might be MB.
- Kenny complains that “Secondary system” for the DxWiFi / Linux FC / Video system is useless. “Payload”, for example. Or “Highly Available Processor” and “Heavy Lift Processor”.


## Decisions:

- Command packet structure will include
   - bi-directional authentication (probably based on encrypted nonce exchange)
   - response data packets include cleartext payload
- Telemetry data will be sent in the clear, and will be authenticated (authentication for our use only)
- eMMC cache for logs, and payload firmware update.
